-- ProblemSet<00.>, November <27> <2018> 
-- Submission by <s.aa.ravichandran>  

1)How does agile testing (development) methodology differ from other testing (development) methodologies?
  Agile model is used to deliver the working software to clients early and often with continuous feedback.It will be more flexible and allows changes in the requirements even after the project is completed.But this cannot be made in other testing methodology.

2)What are the most important components of Agile?
Epic
Features
User Stories
Tasks

3)What is difference between Epic,features, User stories & Tasks?
Epic-End product to be delivered
Features-Properties of end product to be delivered
User Stories- Requirements given by the users
Tasks-work to be completed

4)Explain what is a product backlog in Scrum
The tasks which is yet to be started  is said to be product backlog.

5)What is Scrum Sprint?
It is the specific period of time where team takes to develop and deliver a specific tasks.Time period will be 2 weeks to deliver 1 sprint.

6)What are the artifacts of Scrum process?
Product Backlog
Sprint Backlog
Burn-Down Chart
Increment

7)What do you understand by sprint backlog?
The tasks which is yet to be started in sprint is said to be sprint backlog.

8)What is the role of the Product Owner?
Product Owners are the business people who are sponsers to develop the project.They have to convey their requirements to the scrum team.

9)What are the different roles in Scrum
 Scrum master
Scrum Product Owner
Scrum Team

10)What are the responsibilities of a Scrum Master
The Scrum master should facilitates the team by providing all the requirements they needed.And monitors and solves any blockers they are facing during product development.Also interact and communicate well with outside environment.

11)What are different ceremonies and their importance in Scrum?
Stand up/Scrum call
Sprint/PI planning
Sprint/PI demo
Sprint/PI Retrospective
User Story growing
Sprint Review

12)What is the difference between Sprint Planning Meeting and Sprint Retrospective Meeting?
Sprint Planning Meeting is the first day of sprint,regarding what we need to do.And Sprint Retrospective Meeting is the last day of Sprint regarding what went well and what didn't.

13)What is the difference between agile & scrum
Agile is the principle or philosopy or SDLC methodology. 
Scrum, it is also a methodology for implementing those agile principles.

14)Explain Agile in 30 seconds.
Agile is used to deliver working product to client with early and frequent feedback.Also creating Business value and constant collaboration with client.

15)What is the Daily Stand-Up?
It is a scrum call ,where we need to inform that what we did and what we need to do and blockers faced in daily basis for a period of 15 minutes.


